Ever wondered what these little badges mean? Stable is the default. No badge at all,
it's probably stable. This function is not going to have a breaking change without a
formal deprecation cycle. Experimental means breaking changes could happen with no warning,
so try this function out, give feedback to the devs, but don't build anything critical with it.
Deprecated means there's a better alternative to this function and it's on its way out.
You'll get a warning telling you exactly what to use instead. Eventually it becomes defunct,
throwing an error, or is simply deleted. Superseded is an interesting one. There's a
better alternative, but the function's not going away. It won't warn you and it's actually safe
to use. The docs will just quietly point you to the better, newer function. Curious about
a function's lifecycle status? Type the function like this and the badge is right at the top.